---
layout: post
title: No.1
date: 2018-01-25 21:00:00 +0300
description: This is a placeholder post # Add post description (optional)
img: pic.jpg # Add  post (optional)
tags: [fitness, health, lifestyle]
---

## #1

As usual, I made several ambitious New Year's Resolutions this year (which range from saving a set amount of money each month to go towards a house/flat deposit to reading at least one fiction and one non-fiction book per month). 

Surprisingly, the majority of my New Year's Resolutions are going rather well this year (if I do say so myself). I say "surprisingly", as usually I get a tad carried away and, ultimately, end up failing and bailing on my Resolutions by the third week of January. 

For Christmas, my friend Lizzie bought me a beautiful blue notebook to encourage me to start writing again. The first thing I wrote in that notebook was a list of what I wanted to achieve in 2018. This list formed the basis of my New Year's Resolutions and, as you may have guessed, one of those Resolutions was to start my very own blog...so here it is... 

As you may have figured from the blog name (thanks Jack - very witty), this blog will focus mainly on fitness and, more specifically, my fitness journey. I'm sure other aspects of my life will end up featuring in my posts too, but seeing as my #1 goal this year is to concentrate on my health and fitness, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to kill two birds with one stone! I'm hoping that sharing my personal experiences on a public blog will help to keep me accountable as well as motivating others to reach their health and fitness goals! 

B 

